Yinchuan, why did you bring him back?
Don't call him so kind
Our Ji family is not related to your in-laws
Mom Xiaoxian just left
Don't make it difficult for him
I embarrass him
Ji Linchuan, as long as my family remembers home for a day
I am the mistress of this house
There are countless celebrities who want to marry in our Yuncheng family
Not all cats and dogs can climb on it.
Mrs. Liu, I don't know what I did wrong to make you dislike me
But no matter what the reason is, you tell me and I can change it.
You make me sick of even breathing
Mom, you're going too far in elementary school
When did you become so unreasonable?
Hey, how is Doctor Qin?
Mrs. Liu, my mother just called me to say that my sister has woken up
It's great to wake up.
Love letter wakes up
How could you sleep with me just now?
You didn't ask me
Lin Chuan, since Doctor Qin is awake, please take him over quickly
Let Dr. Qin continue to write down the work with us
You can't live without a family doctor by your side
Mrs. Liu, I'm afraid my sister can't continue to work for the time
Why did my sister lose her memory?
And she's getting married to Guo Yiming next week